docs: added publishable API keys documentation pages (#2972)
medusajs/medusa: docs/content/advanced/storefront/use-sales-channels.mdx

This guide explains how to perform these operations using the Storefront APIs.

### Alternative Approach: Publishable API keys

This guide covers how to pass the sales channel ID into different requests to retrieve or process data associated with the sales channel.

> An alternative approch is to use Publishabel API keys. You can learn how to use them in the following documents:

Reviewer: todo"
```suggestion
An alternative approach is to use Publishable API keys. You can learn how to use them in the following documents:
```
